I didn't identify myself as one of Jehovah's Witnesses because I was scared of what kids at school would say about me.
P pressure probably is probably the worst one because you know you don't get just P pressure from friends but you also get it from you know your teachers.
Some of my friends who joined this new Christian group started spreading false rumors about Jehovah's Witnesses.
Many of them said we were led by some unknown leader at the top.
At first I wanted to stand up and say well that's not true. However I started becoming fearful.
I was hanging out with the wrong crowd and girls invited me to go play in the park after school.
Something kind of told me that I shouldn't have gone with them but I still went and out of nowhere I see two young men come and they try to steal our backpacks.
They started arguing with the boys in our group and they started fighting too.
The police came and when I saw the police I thought I was going to get into a lot of trouble so I just ran away.
One time the teacher at school was mocking all religions saying you know the Bible is outdated.
You know how you know God exists you know people have rewritten it so many times how you know it's the truth.
And I remember thinking to myself I should say something you know I did this night before I should say something.
And then my friend goes next me goes Bianca's the Jehovah's Witness.
The teacher looked to me you know wide open goes you have anything to say and I just stood there you know you know what to say.
And then the bell rang and I was just like relieved.
I felt how I imagined Peter would have felt.
My conscience kept bothering me and I knew that Jehovah didn't approve of my association.
The fact that I had to open my mouth and kind of prove myself.
You know just cramped up inside and I felt very disappointed in myself.
I made a prayer to Jehovah and I asked him to give me courage to stand up and say that I was one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I remember a brother gave a talk once and he cited from the words of Mark 838 where it says that we shouldn't be ashamed of following Jesus because he would be ashamed of us.
Those words really touched my heart and I knew that I had to make changes soon.
After I had considered the example of Jesus I prayed to Jehovah one for courage and also for another opportunity to defend his name.
And talking to mum was probably the biggest one. Her experience and her knowledge kind of helped me to give me the courage to keep going.
Identifying myself as one of Jehovah's Witnesses has served as a protection.
In biology class we were talking about topic of blood and my teacher brought up the comment of those day W people that they would let their kids die.
I said a really quick prayer to Jehovah because I knew that was not the truth so I stood up and I said we called Jehovah's Witnesses and we don't allow our kids to die.
I was so happy after that moment.
I was able to give a witness when my schoolmate started asking me about what we really believe and practice.
And I was able to give them a much more accurate understanding of how our organization functions.
Now that I'm able to stand firm in my beliefs I feel much better.
You're doing it for Jehovah and you're doing it for yourself. You're not doing it to make them happy, doing it to make Jehovah happy.
When I feel scared or afraid I say quick prayer to Jehovah and he gives me the courage to defend my faith and keep going on.
I have gained the respect and admiration of my schoolmates.
I'm not ashamed anymore. I identify myself as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And now I'm proud to represent Jehovah.